docs(renderer): add usage warning (#460)
algolia/autocomplete: packages/website/docs/creating-a-renderer.md

---
id: creating-a-renderer

> title: Creating a custom Renderer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Creating a custom renderer
```

Reviewer 2: I think there was a plan to fix the UI quirks later on cc @Shipow

---
id: creating-a-renderer
title: Creating a custom Renderer
---

Learn how to build a full autocomplete UI from the ground up.

:::info You might not need a custom renderer

Building a custom renderer is an advanced pattern that leverages the [`autocomplete-core`](createAutocomplete) package to fully control the rendered experience. You shouldn't need to use it unless you've reached limitations with [`autocomplete-js`](autocomplete-js) and it's templating capabilities.

> :::

Reviewer 2: Just saw it on the preview, maybe this isn't the best idea to make this the first thing on the page. I'd probably move it right before the first heading, and after the intro. People will still see it early, but it's not as brutal for those who know they need it.

Author: See 5168534dd013e1f0462366c9c7a7d4869ceeb0f6.

> title: Creating a Renderer

Reviewer 2: Tiny change but I think it further underlines that this is on the edge.

```suggestion
title: Creating a custom Renderer
```

---

> Learn how to build an autocomplete UI from the ground up, focusing React.

Reviewer 2: The fact that it uses React is an afterthought here, it could be with anything else, but that's not the point.

I think we can leave it out of the first lines to ensure people don't associate the need for a custom renderer with usage in React.

```suggestion
Learn how to build a full autocomplete UI from the ground up.
```

> :::info

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::info You might not need a custom renderer
```

> This is an advanced guide that leverages the [`autocomplete-core`](createAutocomplete) package. You shouldn't need to use it if you haven't reached limitations with [`autocomplete-js`](autocomplete-js).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Building a custom renderer is an advanced pattern that leverages the [`autocomplete-core`](createAutocomplete) package to fully control the rendered experience. You shouldn't need to use it unless you've reached limitations with [`autocomplete-js`](autocomplete-js) and it's templating capabilities.
```
